# Championship Manager 01/02

## Installation

Download ISO and DB patch (v.3.9.68) from [https://www.myabandonware.com/game/championship-manager-season-01-02-a2h](https://www.myabandonware.com/game/championship-manager-season-01-02-a2h)

Download Nick's patch from github [https://github.com/nckstwrt/CM0102Patcher](https://github.com/nckstwrt/CM0102Patcher). Recommended pathes are

- Enable coloured attributes - Higher attributes will be using different color
- Enable idle sensititvity - Game will use less CPU. This is really useful when running on wine.
- Enable 7 substitues
- Show star players - You want to know who is the best right?
- Show hidden attributes - This is useful tos injury prone, consistency, big match, and 1:1 for GK
- Disable unprotected contract - I hate losing players coz the unprotected contract rules
- Remove UK 3 foreign player limit
- EEC Patch (Under 'Tools') - Make all nations in EU
- Mics Patches/Uncap20s.patch (Under 'Misc Pathes') - Some players have higher value than 20. This patch will allow us to see that.
- Mics Patches/SeeAnytTeamsFinancesV2.patch (Under 'Mics Pathes') - See how rich other clubs are so we can get as much money as possible from them.

## Tips/Tricks

### Selling player

To sell players for higher transfer fee,

- When a club made an offer, negotiate by exchanging a player. They will come back with a better deal
- For players who are in national team already (i.e. the player will for sure play in the national team soon and somewhat famous)
  - Set the player's value low (like 1m) and put the player in transfer list. Many clubs will be interested in the player due to the lower fee.
  - When a club made an offer, keep the transfer fee low but negotiate with a lot of fee for 'Fee after 1 Internal Apps'. We will get money just when the player plays in national team, which is typically a few months away
  - The club will agree to the negotiation based on pretty much the money they have available, not the player's real value

I used this trick to sell Biscan and Babbel for 1m+95m each from Barcelona. This can be an exceptional case though as most clubs could effort only about ~20m to 40m max.

### Buying player

In case your club is not famous, players may not even want to talk to the club. In such case, we can't do anything. 

But, if we can still make an offer, but the player states that he is not interested to join your club. You can do the following

- Set 'Weekly Wage' a bit lower than your target (but not too low that the player would reject)
- Increase 'Signing on Fee'. Double the default value
- Reduce the 'Contract Expires' to 'Month-to-Month'. This short period will make the player interested in

Once the transfer is done, the player will be under 'rolling contract' state so you will need to offer a long term contract. This is when you should bump up the 'Weekly Wage' a bit more to match the player's request. This is the reason to push the wage of the first contract lower so you have room to increase here. (Unless you are willing to pay the player a lot and no need to control your budget)

This trick requires paying multiple sign on fee so you should do this with a key player when you have enough money.

### My starting save

This is my note on my save playing Liverpool at the start of the season. This [save](01-02 Start - Short listed - BRV!.sav) has shortlisted, bidded, and put some players on transfer list. I am selling Babbel, Biscan, and Hamann. They can make a lot of money and I plan to buy some players to replace them

The following are teams that making offer and the max fee they would accept

- Barcelona - 1+95m
- Real Madred - 1+85m
- Valencia - 1+40m
- Dortmund - 1+20m
- Bayern - 1+20m
- Porto - 1+6m (Xavier)
- Racing - 1+6m (Xavier)
- Lille - 1+6m (Xavier)

For this save, I would aim to get 

- 1+95m for Babble from Barcelona 
- 1+85m for Biscan from Real Madrid (or actually I got 1+95m from Barcelona)
- 1+40m for Hamann from Valencia
- ~1+5m for Xavier

I could drain a lot of money from Barcelona they will have financial crisis later. This allowed me to buy their player for cheap like Saviola and Riquelme

### My favorite players

The following players that I like to buy. Note that not including the famous ones though

- Anastasios Skalidis (19) - Super Greek striker. He doesn't want to join Liverpool in the first season. Try to buy him in 2nd season for cheap
- Alexandros Papdopoulos (16) - Another super Greek striker. He doesn't want to join in the first season either. Buy him later and wait for a year or so. He will be great along with Skalidis
- Mike Duff (23)  - Cheap and reliable right back (that's why I sell Babbel). You will not need any right back any more.
- Ibrahim Said (21) - He can play both CB and DMC really well. That's why I sell Hamann. He is non-EU though so without patch you need to be careful
- Mark Kerr (19) - Young reliable MC. Not super flashy but get the job done.
- Isaac Okoronkwo (23) - CB and right back. Cheap and reliable. Non-EU player though';
- Taribo Wast (27) - CB and left back. Free transfer.

Players to watch

- Cherno Samba (15) - The famous striker. I don't play long enough to see him thrive in my saves though
- Stephen McPhee (20) - He could turn into a great player. He wasn't great in one of my save though so you better watch how he progresses
- Fernando Cavenaghi (17) - I wanted to sign him but never. I assume that he is great.
