1. Left and Right pointer go same direction
    - [121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)
        - Left = buy date, Right = sell date; right = left + 1
        - Price right > price left i.e. profit > 0 -> update max profit
        - Otherwise, move left to right as now right will be the best buy date
        - Right++
    - [567. Permutation in String](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutation-in-string/)
        - Problem is to check if s2 contains permutation of s1 or not
        - Create 'signature' using frequency from s1. `int[26]` is good
        - Create 'signature' from string length = s1 from s2 assuming that s2 is longer
        - Start from left = 0, right = s1.length(), create signature and compare
        - Keep moving left and right, create signature, if match return true; otherwise, return false;

1. Set a rule of where the left/right is and move one to make condition true
    - [3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)
        - The rule is Left/Right = beginning/end of unique char; start both at 0
        - Typically, move right til the end
        - If moving right doesn't break the condition i.e. see unseen char, keep moving
        - If moving right break the condition i.e. see seen char, 
            - Need to fix it by moving left
            - Move left until seeing the char that right see and plus 1 to make the string from left to right unique
        - Calculate max when moving right where the length increase

    - [424. Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/)
        - The rule is Left/Right = beginning/end of char that can be replaced within k times
        - The calculation is 
            - length = right - left + 1
            - length - max frequency char <= k then it's good
        - Add right count first if the condition is valid keep moving right
        - Otherwise, move left until it's valid
        - Keep track of count; increase freq when moving right, decrease freq when moving left
        - There is a tricky way not to use max freq of all char. Using max so far works too.

    - [76. Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/)
        - Returns minimum substring of s that has all chars in t
        - The rule is Left/Right = beginning/end of the substring that covers all chars in t
        - Keep moving right until the substring covers t
        - Then, shrink left until the substring doesn't cover t
        - Calculate minLength along the way
        - The substring trick is to 
            - Count freq of t in `int[256]` (lower/uppercases)
            - Right move -> decrease the count (char in s that is not in t will be < 0)
            - Left move -> increase the count (char in s that is not in t will never be > 0)
            - Have `int match` to keep counting how manay chars matches: increase/decrease only if count > 0

1. It may come with usage of other data structure ...
    - [239. Sliding Window Maximum](https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/)
        - Given and array of int and `k` as int, return max of value of the sliding window k
        - The sliding window here is obvious as just shifting left/right to be size k along the input array
        - The issue is how to get the max value of the window. 
        - The most intuitive one is to use max heap. But, we need heap size `k` and `k` can be really large
        - The trick is to use monotonic decreasing queue where the head is the max value and the subsequent elements will be less
        - When adding, remove all elements that is less than the number to be added
        - When removing, remove if the head of the queue = the number at the left index
        - Keep collecting the answer at the head of the queue
        
