## Problem
Given an integer array nums and an integer k, return the k most frequent elements. You may return the answer in any order.

Example 1:
```
Input: nums = [1,1,1,2,2,3], k = 2
Output: [1,2]
```
Example 2:
```
Input: nums = [1], k = 1
Output: [1]
```
 

Constraints:
```
    1 <= nums.length <= 10^5
    k is in the range [1, the number of unique elements in the array].
    It is guaranteed that the answer is unique.
```
 

Follow up: Your algorithm's time complexity must be better than O(n log n), where n is the array's size.

## Approaches
- We need to know the frequency so first loop would be counting
- Intuitively, we can just sort the frequency from max -> min and get the top `k` for the answer
- This approach would be `O(n)` for collecting frequency + `O(n log n)` for sorting the frequency
- However, the question states explicitly that the solution should be faster than `O(n log n)` so we need a better solution
- Note that we don't need to sort them all. We want 'max' values for `k` times
- This fits perfectly with Heap. Another approach is to do one-sided quick sort
- We can throw frequency data in to a max heap and pull the max value `k` time
- Run time complexity
    - Building heap is `O(n)` NOT `O(n log n)` as it may seems. READ MORE ABOUT HEAPIFY!
        - The main reason is that we need to do heapify only the first half only as the bottom half are leaves
        - For the first half that we need to do comparison, it's based on the height of the element. The higher the height the lower the number of element
        - The total no. of comparison is still less than `n`
    - Pulling max value is `O(log n)` as we `siftDown`. We do this `k` times so it's `O(k log n)`
    - Total is `O(n) + O(k log n)`
- NeedCode has example of using minHeap and keep pruning the min value if the heap has element > `k`
- We can also try to build heap ourselves if we want

## Solution
```java
class Solution {
    public int[] topKFrequent(int[] nums, int k) {
        PriorityQueue<Map.Entry<Integer, Integer>> heap = new PriorityQueue<>((a, b) -> b.getValue() - a.getValue());
        Map<Integer, Integer> freqs = new HashMap<>();

        for (int n : nums) {
            freqs.put(n, freqs.getOrDefault(n, 0) + 1);
        }

        heap.addAll(freqs.entrySet());

        int[] result = new int[k];
        for (int i=0; i<k; i++) {
            result[i] = heap.poll().getKey();
        }
        return result;
    }
}
```
